1. How do you represent the board?

We use two dimensional vector to represent the board, that is a vector
with element is another vector. The first vector's size equals the
board's row number, and the second vector's size equals the board's
column number. Each position of the board is represented by a
char. The char's value equals the ship id add '0' to distinct
different ship.

To record attacks, a similar data structure is used. If the char's
value equals '.', then the position is not attacked, and if the char's
value equals 'o', then the position has a missed attack, and if the
char's value equals 'X', then the position has a hit attack.



2. How a GoodPlayer place ships and recommend attacks?

For placing a ship, a GoodPlayer randomly select a point where no ship
occupy, trying place the ship at that position with direction
HORIZONTAL and VERTICAL, if placed success, then remove all points
that ship occupy, else select another point to place.

To recommend a attack, a GoodPlayer remembers the attack history.
First, the Play randomly selects a point that not been attacked, if
that is a hit attack, then check the point's neighbor if that point
has not been attacked, the add the neighbor to a point stack. For the
next attack, if the stack is not empty then, the player pop a point
from the stack to attack, otherwise it make a attack like before by
random selecting a point.



3. Pseudocode: 

- How does a MediocrePlayer place ships?

set current ship id to 0
repeatedly:
    set placed point p to (0,0)
    set placed direction d to HORIZONTAL
    set backtrack flag to false
    repeatedly:
        place current ship at p with diection d
	if placed success and not backtrack
	    increment current ship id
	    break
	else
            set backtrack flag to false
	    if current direction d is HORIZONTAL
	        set current direction d to VERTICAL
	    else
	        if current point p's column not exceed
		    increment p's column
		else
		    if current point p's row not exceed
		        increment p's row
		    else
		        if the number of ships placed success > 0
			    unplace last placed ship
			    set current ship id to last placed ship id
			    set current placed point to last placed ship's position
			    set current placed direction to last placed ship's direction
			    set backtrack flag to true
			else
			    return false
return true		    



- How a MediocrePlayer records attack result:

if shot hits, 
	mark it in player’s data members
if not,
	mark it differently

Switch to state 2 if shot hits but ship was not destroyed
Switch to state 1 if shot hits and ship was destroyed




— How does a GoodPlayer recommends an attack:

set state to 1
set points to all points not be occupied
set stack empty
if stack is empty
    randomly select one point p from points
    remove p from points
    make a attack at p
else
    pop the stack's top p
    remove p from points
    make a attack at p




- How a GoodPlayer records Attack Result:

if attack at point p is a hit
    if the point at p's left has not been attacked
        push the left of p into stack
    if the point at p's up has not been attacked
        push the up of p into stack
    if the point at p's right has not been attacked
        push the right of p into stack
    if the point at p's down has not been attacked
        push the down of p into stack


- How a GoodPlayer adds attack points:

If cell above p is valid add it to the stack
If cell below p is valid add it to the stack
If cell to the left of p is valid add it to the stack
If cell to the right of p is valid add it to the stack


- How does Game Play?

the first user places his ships
if not placed success
    return nullptr
the second user places his ships
if not placed success
    return nullptr

repeatedly:
    if any player's ship are all destroyed
        return the winner player
    current player make a attack use his method
    display the attack result
    switch player's turn




- How does a HumanPlayer place ships?

repeatedly:
    if all ships displaced
        return true
    prompt the player the number of ships not placed
    prompt the player the lenght of placing ship
    ask player enter the direction to place ship
    ask player enter the topmost/leftmost point to place ship
    if player's input is not valid or cannot place the ship
        continue
    
